INSERT INTO item (item_id, name, description, quantity, category)
VALUES 
(1, 'Dell Inspiron 15'' Laptop', 'The Dell Inspiron 15'' is a powerful laptop designed for multitasking and productivity. It features a 10th generation Intel Core i7 processor, 16GB DDR4 RAM, and a 512GB SSD for fast performance. With a Full HD 15.6-inch display and integrated Intel UHD graphics, it''s perfect for programming, graphic design, and everyday use.', 8, 'Laptops'),
(2, 'HP Pavilion 14'' Laptop', 'The HP Pavilion 14'' is a reliable and affordable laptop suitable for everyday computing tasks. It features an AMD Ryzen 5 processor, 8GB DDR4 RAM, and a 256GB SSD for smooth performance. With a compact 14-inch display and long battery life, it''s perfect for students and professionals on the go.', 12, 'Laptops'),
(3, 'ASUS VivoBook 15'' Laptop', 'The ASUS VivoBook 15'' is a stylish and affordable laptop suitable for daily use. It features an AMD Ryzen 5 processor, 12GB DDR4 RAM, and a 512GB SSD for smooth multitasking and fast storage. With a sleek design and ergonomic keyboard, it''s perfect for productivity and entertainment.', 8, 'Laptops'),
(6, 'Texas Instruments TI-84 Plus CE Calculator', 'The Texas Instruments TI-84 Plus CE Calculator is a powerful tool for math and science students. It features a high-resolution color display and preloaded apps for graphing, geometry, and statistics. With rechargeable battery and lightweight design, it''s perfect for classroom and exam use.', 15, 'Calculators'),
(7, 'Casio FX-991EX Calculator', 'The Casio FX-991EX Calculator is a scientific calculator with advanced functions for math and engineering students. It features a high-resolution display and over 550 functions, including spreadsheet calculations and equation solving. With solar and battery power options, it''s suitable for classroom and professional use.', 10, 'Calculators'),
(9, 'Casio FX-9750GIII Calculator', 'The Casio FX-9750GIII Calculator is a versatile tool for math and science students. It features advanced functions for calculus, statistics, and graphing, helping students visualize concepts and solve complex problems. With a large LCD display and intuitive interface, it''s easy to use for classroom and exam settings.', 10, 'Calculators'),
(12, 'Skullcandy Hesh 3 Wireless Headphones', 'The Skullcandy Hesh 3 Wireless Headphones combine style and performance for music lovers on the go. With Bluetooth connectivity and rapid charge technology, they offer wireless convenience and quick charging. Plus, they feature noise-isolating ear cushions and foldable design for portability.', 7, 'Headsets'),
(13, 'JBL Quantum 100 Gaming Headset', 'The JBL Quantum 100 Gaming Headset delivers immersive sound and comfort for gaming enthusiasts. With JBL QuantumSOUND signature, it provides accurate spatial audio for competitive gaming. Plus, it features a detachable boom microphone and lightweight design for long gaming sessions.', 5, 'Headsets'),
(14, 'Logitech G432 Gaming Headset', 'The Logitech G432 Gaming Headset offers advanced audio performance and comfort for gamers. With 50mm drivers and DTS Headphone:X 2.0 surround sound, it delivers immersive audio for gaming and entertainment. Plus, it features a flip-to-mute microphone and breathable ear cups for extended use.', 9, 'Headsets'),
(16, 'RAVPower 20000mAh Solar Power Bank', 'The RAVPower 20000mAh Solar Power Bank is a rugged charger with solar charging capability for outdoor adventures. With dual USB ports and built-in flashlight, it can charge multiple devices and provide emergency lighting. Plus, it''s water-resistant and shockproof for durability in harsh conditions.', 5, 'Chargers'),
(17, 'Anker PowerCore 10000 Portable Charger', 'The Anker PowerCore 10000 Portable Charger provides on-the-go power for your devices. With a compact design and high-capacity battery, it can charge smartphones, tablets, and other USB devices multiple times. Plus, it features PowerIQ technology for fast and efficient charging.', 12, 'Chargers'),
(18, 'RAVPower 26800mAh Power Bank', 'The RAVPower 26800mAh Power Bank offers high-capacity charging for extended trips and outdoor adventures. With three USB ports and fast charging technology, it can charge multiple devices simultaneously at full speed. Plus, it features a durable and portable design with built-in flashlight for added convenience.', 8, 'Chargers'),
(19, 'HP X1000 Wired Mouse', 'The HP X1000 Wired Mouse is an affordable and reliable mouse for everyday use. With optical tracking and comfortable design, it offers smooth navigation and precise control. Plus, it features plug-and-play simplicity for easy setup and operation.', 15, 'Mice'),
(20, 'AmazonBasics 3-Button USB Wired Mouse', 'The AmazonBasics 3-Button USB Wired Mouse is a basic yet functional mouse for home and office use. With three buttons and a scroll wheel, it provides simple and reliable operation. Plus, it features plug-and-play connectivity for hassle-free use with any USB-enabled computer.', 20, 'Mice'),
(21, 'Dell MS116 Wired Mouse', 'The Dell MS116 Wired Mouse is a budget-friendly mouse designed for everyday computing tasks. With optical tracking and ergonomic design, it offers smooth navigation and comfortable use. Plus, it features durable construction and easy setup for hassle-free operation.', 10, 'Mice');
